# Generate meta cells based on hdWGCNA and return a `MetaCells` object

This function implements the meta cell aggregation from Morabito, et al.
The generation of metacells is a useful approach for subsequent
application of for example correlation-based methods to identify
co-regulated genes.

## Usage

``` r
generate_meta_cells_sc(
  object,
  sc_meta_cell_params = params_sc_metacells(),
  regenerate_knn = FALSE,
  embd_to_use = "pca",
  no_embd_to_use = NULL,
  cells_to_use = NULL,
  target_size = 1e+05,
  seed = 42L,
  .verbose = TRUE
)
```

## Arguments

- object:

  `SingleCells` class.

- sc_meta_cell_params:

  List. Output of
  [`params_sc_metacells()`](https://gregorlueg.github.io/bixverse/reference/params_sc_metacells.md).
  A list with the following items:

  - max_shared - Maximum number of allowed shared neighbours for the
    meta cell to be considered.

  - target_no_metacells - Number of target meta cells you wish to reach.

  - max_iter - Maximum number of iterations you want to use for the
    algorithm.

  - knn - List of kNN parameters. See
    [`params_knn_defaults()`](https://gregorlueg.github.io/bixverse/reference/params_knn_defaults.md)
    for available parameters and their defaults.

- regenerate_knn:

  Boolean. Shall a kNN graph be regenerated.

- embd_to_use:

  String. The embedding to use. Only relevant if you set regenerate_knn
  to `TRUE`.

- no_embd_to_use:

  Optional integer. Number of embedding dimensions to use. If `NULL` all
  will be used. Only relevant if you set regenerate_knn to `TRUE`.

- cells_to_use:

  Optional string. Names of the cells to use for the generation of the
  meta-cells. If provided, this function will regenerate the kNN graph
  no matter what.

- target_size:

  Numeric. The library target size to normalise the meta cells to.

- seed:

  Integer. Seed for reproducibility.

- .verbose:

  Boolean. Controls verbosity of the function.

## Value

A
[`MetaCells()`](https://gregorlueg.github.io/bixverse/reference/MetaCells.md)
with the data generated by this meta cell aggregation method.

## References

Morabito, et al. Cell Rep Methods, 2023
