# Generate meta cells based on SEACells and return a `MetaCells` object

This function implements the meta cell aggregation from Persad et al.,
and returns the resulting SEACells. Compared to other algorithms, a
kernel archetype analysis is used to identify the metacells. For
details, please refer to the publication.

## Usage

``` r
generate_seacells_sc(
  object,
  seacell_params = params_sc_seacells(),
  embd_to_use = "pca",
  no_embd_to_use = NULL,
  cells_to_use = NULL,
  target_size = 1e+05,
  seed = 42L,
  .verbose = TRUE
)
```

## Arguments

- object:

  `SingleCells` class.

- seacell_params:

  List. Output of
  [`params_sc_seacells()`](https://gregorlueg.github.io/bixverse/reference/params_sc_seacells.md).
  A list with the following items:

  - n_sea_cells - Number of SEA cells to detect.

  - max_fw_iters - Maximum iterations for the Franke-Wolfe algorithm per
    matrix update.

  - convergence_epsilon - Convergence threshold. Algorithm stops when
    RSS change \< epsilon \* RSS(0).

  - max_iter - Maximum iterations to run SEACells for.

  - min_iter - Minimum iterations to run SEACells for.

  - greedy_threshold - Maximum number of cells before defaulting to
    rapid random selection of archetypes.

  - graph_building - Graph building method.

  - pruning - Boolean. Shall small values be pruned during the Franke-
    Wolfe iterations.

  - pruning_threshold - The threshold below which pruning shall be
    applied during Franke-Wolfe iterations.

  - knn - List of kNN parameters. See
    [`params_knn_defaults()`](https://gregorlueg.github.io/bixverse/reference/params_knn_defaults.md)
    for available parameters and their defaults.

- embd_to_use:

  String. The embedding to use. Atm, the only option is `"pca"`. Only
  relevant if you set regenerate_knn to `TRUE`.

- no_embd_to_use:

  Optional integer. Number of embedding dimensions to use. If `NULL` all
  will be used. Only relevant if you set regenerate_knn to `TRUE`.

- cells_to_use:

  Optional string. Names of the cells to use for the generation of the
  SEACells.

- target_size:

  Numeric. The library target size to normalise the meta cells to.

- seed:

  Integer. Seed for reproducibility.

- .verbose:

  Boolean. Controls verbosity of the function.

## Value

A
[`MetaCells()`](https://gregorlueg.github.io/bixverse/reference/MetaCells.md)
with the data generated by this meta cell aggregation method.

## References

Persad, et al. Nat Biotechnol, 2023
