# Generate SuperCells and return a `MetaCells` object

This function implements the meta cell aggregation from Bilous, et al.
The core idea is to use the walktrap community detection on the kNN
graph. For details, please refer to the paper.

## Usage

``` r
generate_supercells_sc(
  object,
  sc_supercell_params = params_sc_supercell(),
  regenerate_knn = FALSE,
  embd_to_use = "pca",
  no_embd_to_use = NULL,
  cells_to_use = NULL,
  target_size = 1e+05,
  seed = 42L,
  .verbose = TRUE
)
```

## Arguments

- object:

  `SingleCells` class.

- sc_supercell_params:

  List. Output of
  [`params_sc_supercell()`](https://gregorlueg.github.io/bixverse/reference/params_sc_supercell.md).
  A list with the following items:

  - walk_length - Integer. Walk length for the Walktrap algorithm.

  - graining_factor - Numeric. Graining level of data (proportion of
    number of single cells in the initial dataset to the number of
    metacells in the final dataset)

  - linkage_dist - String. Which type of distance metric to use for the
    linkage. Defaults to `"complete"`.

  - knn - List of kNN parameters. See
    [`params_knn_defaults()`](https://gregorlueg.github.io/bixverse/reference/params_knn_defaults.md)
    for available parameters and their defaults.

- regenerate_knn:

  Boolean. Shall a kNN graph be regenerated.

- embd_to_use:

  String. The embedding to use. Only relevant if you set regenerate_knn
  to `TRUE`.

- no_embd_to_use:

  Optional integer. Number of embedding dimensions to use. If `NULL` all
  will be used. Only relevant if you set regenerate_knn to `TRUE`.

- cells_to_use:

  Optional string. Names of the cells to use for the generation of the
  meta-cells. If provided, this function will regenerate the kNN graph
  no matter what.

- target_size:

  Numeric. The library target size to normalise the meta cells to.

- seed:

  Integer. Seed for reproducibility.

- .verbose:

  Boolean. Controls verbosity of the function.

## Value

A
[`MetaCells()`](https://gregorlueg.github.io/bixverse/reference/MetaCells.md)
with the data generated by this meta cell aggregation method.

## References

Bilous, et al. BMC Bioinform., 2022
