# Reciprocal best hit graph

This class can be used to generate reciprocal best hit graphs between
gene modules from different origins.

## Usage

``` r
RbhGraph(
  module_results,
  rbh_type = c("cor", "set"),
  dataset_col = NULL,
  module_col = NULL,
  value_col = NULL
)
```

## Arguments

- module_results:

  data.table or list. If data.table (you set the class to `"set"`, i.e.,
  set similarities will be used) it cointains all of the gene modules
  for which you wish to generate the RBH graph and you need to have the
  three column names. If list (you set the class to \`"cor"“, i.e.,
  correlations between for example gene loadings will be used), the list
  contains all of the matrices (must have col and row names).

- rbh_type:

  String. One of `c("cor", "set")`.

- dataset_col:

  The column (name) which indicates from which data set/ method the gene
  module was derived. Only needed if you want to use set similarities.

- module_col:

  The column (name) which stores the names of the modules. Only needed
  if you want to use set similarities.

- value_col:

  The column (name) which stores the genes that are part of the modules.
  Only needed if you want to use set similarities.

## Value

Returns the `RbhGraph` class for further operations.

## Properties

- module_data:

  Nested list of the modules generated by different methods.

- rbh_graph:

  igraph. The reciprocal best hit graph.

- rbh_edge_df:

  data.table. Contains the RBH graph data as an edge df.

- params:

  A (nested) list that will store all the parameters of the applied
  function.

- final_results:

  data.table. Contains final results.
